Jay Catsby - . I was sure the request would
be something utterly fantastic, and for a moment I was sorry
I’d ever set foot upon his overpopulated lawn.
He wouldn’t say another word. His correctness grew on him
as we neared the city. We passed Port Roosevelt, where there
was a glimpse of red-belted ocean-going ships, and sped along
a cobbled slum lined with the dark,  saloons of the
faded-gilt nineteen-hundreds. Then the valley of ashes opened
out on both sides of us, and I had a glimpse of Mrs. Wilson
straining at the garage pump with panting vitality as we went.


Nick Carraway - “I can’t seem to remember, but I think we talked about the
Nordic race. Yes, I’m sure we did. It sort of crept up on us and
first thing you know ——”
“Don’t believe everything you hear, Nick,” he advised me.
I said lightly that I had heard nothing at all, and a few
minutes later I got up to go home. They came to the door with
me and stood side by side in a cheerful square of light. As I
started my motor Daisy peremptorily called: “Wait!”
“I forgot to ask you something, and it’s important. We heard
you were engaged to a girl out West.”
“That’s right,” corroborated Tom kindly. “We heard that you
were engaged.”


Daisy Buchanan - I decided to call to him. Miss Baker had mentioned him at
dinner, and that would do for an introduction. But I didn’t call
to him, for he gave a sudden intimation that he was content to
be alone


Thomas "Tom" Buchanan - Involuntarily I glanced seaward — and distinguished nothing except a single green light, minute and far
away, that might have been the end of a dock. When I looked
once more for Catsby he had vanished, and I was alone again
in the unquiet darkness.


Myrtle Wilson
Tom's lover, whose lifeless husband George owns a run-down garage in the valley of ashes. Myrtle herself possesses a fierce vitality and desperately looks 
for a way to improve her situation. Unfortunately for her, she chooses Tom, who treats her as a mere object of his desire.

George Wilson 
rocked himself back and forth on the couch inside. For a while the door of the office was open and everyone who came into the garage glanced irresistibly through it. Finally someone said it was a shame and closed the door. Michaelis and several other men were with him—first four or five men, later two or three men. Still later Michaelis had to ask the last stranger to wait there fifteen minutes longer while he went back to his own place and made a pot of coffee. After that he stayed there alone with Wilson until dawn.

About three o'clock the quality of Wilson's incoherent muttering changed—he grew quieter and began to talk about the yellow car. He announced that he had a way of finding out whom the yellow car belonged to, and then he blurted out that a couple of months ago his wife had come from the city with her face bruised and her nose swollen.

But when he heard himself say this, he flinched and began to cry "Oh, my God!" again in his groaning voice. Michaelis made a clumsy attempt to distract him.
